[docs] Updates environment variable guide (#18525)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/environment-variables.md

title: Using environment variables with EAS Update
---

EAS Build and EAS Update allow setting and getting environment variables at different times. There are multiple steps to ensure the proper environment variables are available when developing, building, and publishing an update.

## Setting up the app config

To expose environment variables in our project, we'll have to set up our app config to allow it. After this, we'll be able to access these variables throughout our entire project.

First, we'll need to rename **app.json** to **app.config.js**, which will allow us to export our app's config, including JavaScript variables.

> Next, we'll add an `API_URL` environment variable (for example) to our project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we'll add an `API_URL` environment variable as an example to our project.
```

"We" as a team have to stick to using either `you` or `we`. I don't think its helping us to keep docs consistent. 😄 I also know this is not related to your PR but was wondering what thoughts you have.

When EAS CLI creates the update, it will set the `API_URL` to `https://prod.example.com` inside the update's bundle.

To access it, we can use the `expo-constants` library. It's located under the `Constants.expoConfig.API_URL` property.

> > Note: we could also use the `expo-updates` library to access `API_URL`. It is under `Updates.manifest?.extra?.expoClient?.extra?.eas?.API_URL`. However, `Updates.manifest` is only present when an update is currently running. If the project is in development, `Updates.manifest` will be `undefined`. In addition, if a build is running without an update (e.g. it was just downloaded or there are no updates yet), `Updates.manifest` will also be `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: We could also use the `expo-updates` library to access `API_URL`. It is under `Updates.manifest?.extra?.expoClient?.extra?.eas?.API_URL`. However, `Updates.manifest` is only present when an update is currently running. If the project is in development, `Updates.manifest` will be `undefined`. In addition, if a build is running without an update (for example, it was just downloaded or there are no updates yet), `Updates.manifest` will also be `undefined`.
```

Just a small suggestion to avoid latin abbreviation. Unrelated to the changes of this PR though.
